this is a 2008 Bayliner 185 with a 135
horse 3 liter by Mercruiser it also is
equipped with a family fun package this
boat is equipped with a full gauge
package voltmeter oiled gauge trim gauge
temperature gauge fuel gauge it has a
Tekamah Torana speedometer it has an
engine required horn accessories will
switch built in navigation anchor light
bilge pump blower and of course your
turnkey ignition starter the boat is
also equipped with a serious ready
am/fm sealed unit with an auxilary mp3
ipod import jack also has a 12-volt
outlet for your portable audio devices
the Bayliner 185 is also equipped with
the beam floor design that allows it to
have the most space in the industry from
the cockpit to the after the boat it has
a huge wide 8 foot 1 inch beam
this is the mercruiser 3.0 135 course
engine equipped with tks which is
turnkey start it has a solenoid that
actually pumps fuel into the carburetor
to allow it to start with one turn
starting to quit with ez-drain exhaust
manifolds easy access oil filter easy to
read drive monitor lube this makes this
engine the 3-liter turnkey start
Mercruiser the perfect package for this
boat will now demonstrate turnkey
starting
watch out this Bayliner 185 equipped
with a 3.0 135 volts 4-cylinder planes
off in less than three seconds
this concludes our 185 demonstration if
you have any further questions please
contact us at WWE will send boats calm
you